pause take a step back and browse
through the elements of your life great
city when you remember to really look do
you own or rent it doesn't matter your
career is on a roll and it takes up a
lot of your songs maybe it's not easy to
stay fit and healthy but you try of
course it's nice to see you make some
time for family it's always good to
gather around a meal with the ones you
love and yes definitely the kids are a
handful but hey one smile on their faces
makes up for it all
now pause again and ask yourself if
these are the same concerns of every
adult alive providing for your children
making time for family caring for the
health of your kids and trying to stay
fit and healthy keeping everyone happy
and seeking a cozy place to call home
everyone has the same life concerns it's
only the difficulty that varies when
you're severely malnourished you're now
conducting some testimonies to make it
aware how spirulina has benefited the
people that I've been serving here every
day of the week here we have miss Marion
Chang which is 37 years old
hiv/aids positive she was brought here
on March 25th that's a few weeks ago she
has been treated with spirulina for the
past few weeks and she had also skin
problems which now seem to have gone
away and her strength is quite a bit
more than when she first came and
in some is confident that a true
solution lies in spirulina an edible and
potent microalgae that can be cultivated
on location both easily and
cost-effectively a harvest frequency of
three to four days means it can be
consistently made available after it
matures under the Sun the algae is
strained through simple closed
filtration and dried to preserve the
quality of its nutrients and vitamins
well in at 60 percent of protein content
spirulina goes a long way towards
improving weight gain and countering the
effects of intestinal man absorption its
high mineral and vitamin count helps
correct iron anaemia in children as well
as adults even in the case of an HIV
infection it is undeniable that spur
Alina's benefits are countless rich in
beta-carotene it can help fight eye
problems while its concentration of 30
acids maintains the hormone system in
check for both infants and mothers
sometimes the answer is not a miracle it
is real simple accessible and dependent
on the goodwill of those who came to
bring change we have all at some point
wondered what it would take to solve
world hunger let us start by fighting
malnutrition as it is the real threat
with a little bit of faith you too can
change the outcome of another life
support in some in its efforts to bring
spirulina and spirulina centers to the
areas in need this documentary was
brought to you by the intergovernmental
institution for microalgae spirulina
against malnutrition supporting some
support life